So now we know how to describe easy to instances but how about modifying those easy to instances to
do that.
I'm going to add another method right here.
And I'm going to call it as modify C to instance and for the parameters I'm again leaving it as this
to the side.
After seeing the arguments and parameters modify
instance attribute and as you can see duros several options for modifying attributes of an EASY TO instance
from the changing the reserve instances changing the instance placement.
But most importantly changing the instance attributes is the most extenso method on a W-S for modifying
an easy to instance let's hit enter to see what we're going to have to provide.
And as you can see excerpt from the dry run method right on argument actually we have lots of things
to provide for this method but again none of all these arguments are required to decide on what we're
going to have to provide and what we can modify.
Let's go back to our both of three documentation and decide after that.
All right.
As for our documentation let's just find out the method.
Modify instance attribute.
And let's just see what we're going to have to provide.
And it seems like we're going to have to provide an instance Id just to give the Amazon what is going
to update what's going to modify and then let's see what we can change.
And it seems like we can easily change the API termination specifies that you can't just terminate this
easy to instance once you set this to true.
So if you try to use to shut down this easy to instance with like both a three or a WSC a lie or anything
else you can't just simply do that.
To do that you're going to have to go to a W-S console with appropriate permissions and just do that.
So let's go back and try this.
All right.
So I'm going down here and I'm simply going to say disable API termination.
And since this is expecting a dictionary type I'm going to go down here and I'm going to say value as
so says the method make the argument name is disable API termination.
I'm going to set it to true so that my insoles won't be able to shut down.
So let's just go back to verify our Dictionnaire structure.
And as you can see we're correct with our implementation.
So the other thing that we need to do is we're going to have to provide the instance ID.
So for eastern side the lets us go back to a console for a moment and get our instance Id So what I
want to do now is to get the public easy two instances ID.
So this is my public easy to instance and I'm going to just copy the instance ID or I can just click
on here and I just copy that to clipboard and I'm going to pass in the instance ID from my method.
So instance ID.
And let's just also print out that we're going to modify this easy to instance and modifying easy to
instance an instance ID right.
Let's just close this up and the comma here and we can now go back to our main class in our main class.
After describing these two instances I'm just going to add another method modify instance and I'm going
to say that I will not modify this easy to instance.
And within that method I just first going to place the instance ID and just leave it there for a reference
and then I'm going to copy the easy to access for methods for easy reuse of course.
So I'm just going to go down here and I'm going to say easy to response and then you see to dot modify
is to instance and this method is only expecting the instance ID from me so I can just provide that.
And I'm just cutting this and then I'm just passing it into my method call an all new thing that I have
to do is just print out the result from a WS.
But if we go and check out the documentation it simply doesn't return anything.
And here we go.
It just doesn't return anything but so we can just get rid of this and we can just call this method
without taking any response from a WS since the API is not returning anything.
So I'm just going to comment this line out and on just going to call my new method modify instance.
So now let's just see what's going to happen.
I'm running this method now.
And here we go.
Are is to instance our public easy to instance is now modified.
So with this way I cannot terminate this easy to instance from Bothell 3 or U.S. ally or simply any
command line to any API for us for doing that.
I have to go to Amazon AWOS cancel and terminate the machine by my head.